hey how's it going Dave 2d here this is
the del G 3 this is Dells cheapest
gaming laptop in their G Series lineup
so the G 3 g 5 g 7 this is their
entry-level model and it's the cheapest
one it starts at $750 but the question I
think a lot of people have is whether or
not this particular model is worth it is
this thing actually a better value or a
better pickup than the g5 or G 7 or
other devices in that pricing let's take
a look at it so first build quality this
is a device that is entirely plastic and
most of the devices and the G Series are
like this it's got a blue theme going
through the whole device so the keyboard
deck has this blue striping pattern
going through it which I think doesn't
look amazing it almost cheapens the
aesthetic of this not that I dislike the
color blue you guys know I love it but
it just there's something about this
particular pattern that makes it look a
little bit cheap the top deck is this
satin blue finish I do like the look of
that and the logo is that metallic blue
which I do like I think the design on
the whole is nice when it's closed but
when it's open there's something about
this like candy stripe or pinstripe
design that it just it's just not doing
it for me but if you're into it it's got
that look so the build quality is
actually pretty good there's no weak
spots on the chassis and the hinge feels
well-made the top panel itself has a
little bit of flex to it but it's
nothing crazy it's not an aluminum tank
but it's built well the bottom panel has
the same kind of finish as the top is
that satin blue so it's a very uniform
look to this whole device one thing to
note that this is a thinner device than
the g5 and the g7 not a lot thinner but
it is a little bit thinner and also a
little bit more compact in terms of
footprint so to remove the bottom panel
it's 10 screws and I don't love that I
mean there are devices made by Dell that
were just one screw remove it and you're
in this has a bunch so if you're just
not super Hardware inclined and this
might be a little more intimidating but
relatively easy to get in there inside
you get easy access to everything your
two RAM slots your Wi-Fi card your two
drives and you also have really easy
access to the fans in case you need to
clean them in the future the Wi-Fi card
is actually slower than I was hoping
this is actually one of the slowest
Wi-Fi cards I've used in a while it's
not a huge problem because you can
easily find replacements like really
good
for like 15 20 bucks on eBay so it's not
a huge problem but the one that they
include for stock is not great the
battery 56 watt error is not a
particularly big one around four and a
half hours of regular use you're gonna
have to bring a charger if you're gonna
bring this into class for a full day
okay ports on this thing depending on
the unit that you have you may or may
not get use PC so the high respect
models with the 1060 max Q will get a
Thunderbolt 3 port but the low respect
models don't you also get an Ethernet
port and an SD card slot it's got a fair
selection of ports but on the base
models because it doesn't have use BC in
2018 that's a bit of a minus for me but
I know 750 bucks that's what you get
there speakers are located on the front
or at the bottom front there ok they're
not amazing laptop speakers very generic
sound but I can't say I'm too
disappointed
alright opening up the lid we have a
mediocre screen again at $750 I'm not
expecting too much
but this screen is not particularly
bright not particularly color accurate
but I'm comfortable playing games on it
the keyboard it's a good layout I
actually really like this keyboard I
would say that this is its biggest
strength and I think this is a keyboard
that a lot of people will like the
trackpad uses Windows precision drivers
good tracking the surface is it's not my
favorite it's like a textured plastic
it's got this wobble or play on the
trackpad which is a little bit weird
button mechanism is also just okay
because of that wobble so the performers
on this device is probably my biggest
concern this is a model that's running
the 1050 Ti it's not their most powerful
configuration and the thermals are hot
it doesn't throttle and the fan noise
isn't too loud or anything but I do wish
that the temperatures are a little bit
lower and you could repay sis you could
undervolt it but at stock I don't love
those temperatures and this is the
reason why I don't think that this
particular device is worth the savings
compared to a g5 rg7 because if you pick
up some like the g7 you're just going to
get better thermals performance is going
to be very similar if not identical
but I don't like the fact that the
temperatures are running so hot now if
your heart is set on this device there
are a couple of Vantage's number one
it's a little bit thinner and there's
like sleeker looking the thinner bezels
are nicer and I also think for the
device is less flashy looking so if
you're bringing this to work and you
don't
to stand out as like a gaming device
this kind of fits the bill better but I
think for most people if they're looking
for performance and they want a device
that just has better thermals and will
have a longer lifespan because of the
better thermals I will look at a g5 for
g7 instead of the g3 okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs be liked it
subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]